Everyone is quiet, everything is quiet.
there a good new car and again I made a
video on the other channel still in the window
the world talking about the issue of
prayer and showed in the inclusive I made a mistake
on the question of the sum of the shares
I wanted to take this matter because it has
a lot of people talking if it was not for
enormous amount of prayers there.
Brazil is worse than many people who
still think that the fact of the quantity of
prayers made in our country
The fact of making millions keeps
injecting I wanted to return to this subject
For history if once and for all that
The prayer factor has nothing to do with a
country is better or worse this has nothing
pump and according to the last census
the 2011 census
our country has 190,755,799 people
according to the last sense having people
if anyone has a newer sense there
The only one I found a given and religious
is the 2000 license agreement and three
million two hundred thirty-four thousand and
four did not have a religion or did not
not determine whether or not to declare
some 93% of the
population is religious
in that 93%, just like everything else in the Catholic
Evangelical Jewish Umbanda and so on
doing the math I'll summarize if you
I want to use it, I'll let everyone
the links below or also leave the
excel file where I did the math and
let it be to see you
will
according to the calculations therein
or more than 100 billion prayers
This gives an average of 16,202 sentences per
minute and 270 sentences per second
then the average is almost 300 donations
per second
even so look at reality brazil
occupies the 84th position of the idh is the
human development in Brazil the 38th
country in the world in quality of life that
still has floor is the 28th still has much
country ahead Brazil the third in
ranking of homicides in south america
life expectancy is 72 in Brazil
years occupying in the world ranking 92
level of generosity of Brazilians
is in 85th place
is the most impressive of all in
my opinion is that whoever kills here in the
brazil brought back a bullet in the
head of anyone and you have 92 per
chance of being unpunished
the data is scary of opinion but
and you're talking about yourself, still good
that in a country of so many people praying
seek god who makes your prayers
each in its own way then the people
Talk but they're doing it wrong.
independent of the market what is wrong
to a certain super right or off'm
wrong for one means we have a
enormous diversity of possibilities in
terms of prayer so much as not
You're going to be wrong and a lot of prayer on this one.
100 billion and prayers
I believe that at least 10% there
hypothetically and it is a chance that is
right right
and another that is many attempts then
but I'll show you a heart.
there is nothing of quality
if you get the idh list from the index
human development
the country is in the first place in norway
you take to norway street then there is to do
millions of hearts must overcome
all limits known to man
as Norway has four million
nine hundred and twenty-two thousand three hundred
and five people according to the
surveys I did 28% believe in God
folks
see the fact of believing in a god
personal means talking
prayers per month is not quite so, but I
I'm going to take the currency as base.
between the five countries - nj of the
not have an end in itself
get that 28% and make the
You'll see that Norway does not arrive.
or 1 percent of the time in
Brazil is the Norwegians failed to
live no percent of zero comma
nine something like that
is a totally absurd proportion is the
that the lady from Brazil is not and will not
take into account I did the math
It's how much prayer that is.
remembering its 28 percent that
believe in God, personal all over the world
on the basis of the content of the
number of prayers that are made in the
norway in 12 years in brazil is solved
34 days
So that means a joke so here in the
Brazil is in comparison to the amount of
donations
the event in our Norway should be the
portal of hell online because
amount of actions that one makes
novel is and the first place in bh
twice consecutively or
considered according to research
one of the best places to live in
terms of quality of life
Norway is also among the countries
extremely low homicide rate and
according to ong save the children is to save
the children
Norway is the best country for you to be
mother for you to have a child leads was
considered to be one of the best
For you, it's your family.
life expectancy is higher than in the
Brazil then life expectancy 83
years and she she occupies different from Brazil
who is 90 is pushed she occupies the 14th
position otherwise indicated also
There are eight women who can not pay
to research and to know that this is what I did
a graph if you look at a graph in
a country that passes in quantity
Prayers are the United States.
300 million people out of it to you
go see the chart is a look at norway
china to see in a non feirinha
bikinis the amount of prayers made
in 12 years
So you see Brazil, this little taste.
Norway is just that anyway.
thin so it's icon and the piccolo
amount of options that are made states
obviously together more than half
taking an average of four actions per month
so the numbers show that people
it is once again the people who think that
the fact that we are religious influences
something does not influence anything
Norway to reach 70% of the population
in a lost a personal god
most people there are not religious
as has already been observed in lesser
11 and that is why the country is a
hell is a kingdom of the capet
the country does not cause any
destruction so used the argument that
here in brazil how many do
Prayers, right?
if it were not for this solution it would be worse but
there in the northeast
It's not time for you to do the same.
research I did the coral where
search the data
You will see that the heart does not
influences nothing that changes as you say
in previous books practice attitude o
people's behavior is the
commitment of people to make a
society and look for your nef
Here it goes
yesterday the staff then the video of today
about this if you do this with others
countries also have the Swedish brand you
see that you will arrive at the same
result
if you look through the prism of prayer
prayer does not solve anything in terms of
country to see a new vision does not solve
nothing personal
I thank you all and do not
subscribe to my new channel on my
facebook continue even if you do
a question, any questions, what have you got?
you do not remember
spring can come in will ask questions
A hug to everyone there until the next video
thanks